Docker tutorial (#5668)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/docker/tutorials/use-docker-compose.md

1. First, make sure no other copies of the app and database are running (`docker ps` and `docker rm -f <ids>`).

> 1. Start up the application stack using the `docker-compose up` command. Add the `-d` flag to run everything in the background. Alternatively you can right click on your Compose file and select the compose up option for the VSCode side bar. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start up the application stack using the `docker-compose up` command. Add the `-d` flag to run everything in the background. Alternatively, you can right-click on your Compose file and select the **Compose Up** option for the VS Code side bar. 
```

## See the app stack in the Docker extension

If you look at the Docker extension, you can change the grouping options using the 'cog' and 'group by'. In this instance, you want to see containers grouped by Compose Project name:

![VS Extension with Compose](media/vs-app-project-collapsed.png)

If you twirl down the network, you will see the two containers you defined in the compose file.

![VS Extension with Compose expanded](media/vs-app-project-expanded.png)

## Tear it all down

> When you're ready to tear it all down, simply run `docker-compose down`, or right click on the application in the containers list in the VSCode Docker extension and select Compose down. The containers will stop and the network will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready to tear it all down, simply run `docker-compose down`, or right-click on the application in the containers list in the VS Code Docker extension and select **Compose Down**. The containers will stop and the network will be removed.
```
